hey it's trevor without gate chef i
wanted to share the scoop with you so i
hope you get this voicemail by the end
of the day monday because yes its back
southgate chef is having again it's huge
5-day sale event starting this Thursday
May twenty-third you know with the
success we had the last time and all the
people who called in because they didn't
have a chance to make it in on time we
had no choice but to do it again so okay
you already know that you can get a
brand new 2013 sonic LS starting at
forty six dollars a week or the chevy
cruze LS for forty-eight dollars a week
or an equinox LS front wheel drive for
only 75 dollars a week now all these
payments are taxes included with zero
down and zero interest for 84 months on
approved credit or 6 2013 silverado crew
cab for only eighty dollars a week again
tax is included with zero down and this
one only 0.99 percent interest for 84
months on approved credit but now cash
buyers also get up to ten thousand
dollars in cash incentives yes that's
right up to 10 grand in cash incentives
on selected models that's crazy we are
also giving up to 3,000 air miles reward
smiles with the purchase or lease of
select model think about it you can now
fly that vacation spot you've been
dreaming about all year oh yeah and I
almost forgot we just received over a
quarter of a million dollars in GM
loyalty vouchers to buy that specific
older GM model so not only are we paying
very aggressively for all trades but for
certain models you can get up to an
additional three thousand dollars in
loyalty bonuses i would call or visit
South Gate chef ASAP see if your
existing vehicle qualifies what you have
to lose by ass okay well I have to go
because we have to roll back all the
prices on our
I used inventory for the sale and we
have to call and I don't know about
another 5,000 customers to tell them the
good news but I hope to see during the
five-day sale event from May
twenty-third to may 27 at southgate chef
because that's going to be again the
best time ever to buy yourself that next
new vehicle